docs/cve-kev.md, before:

## CVE -> KEV (`cve-kev`)

Use the same logic (inc namespace) as [cve2stix](https://github.com/muchdogesec/cve2stix) to generate and update KEV Reports.


### CISA KEV: Report SDO (`report`)

Some Vulnerabilities contain information related to [CISA Known Exploited Vulnerabilities](https://nvd.nist.gov/general/news/cisa-exploit-catalog), e.g. `CVE-2022-29303`

```json
{
    "resultsPerPage": 1,
    "startIndex": 0,
    "totalResults": 1,
    "format": "NVD_CVE",
    "version": "2.0",
    "timestamp": "2023-07-14T13:38:04.140",
    "vulnerabilities": [
        {
            "cve": {
                "id": "CVE-2022-29303",
                "sourceIdentifier": "cve@mitre.org",
                "published": "2022-05-12T16:15:07.600",
                "lastModified": "2022-05-20T17:23:15.927",
                "vulnStatus": "Analyzed",
                "cisaExploitAdd": "2023-07-13",
                "cisaActionDue": "2023-08-03",
                "cisaRequiredAction": "Apply updates per vendor instructions or discontinue use of the product if updates are unavailable.",
                "cisaVulnerabilityName": "SolarView Compact Command Injection Vulnerability",
```

These are modelled as Report SDOs as follows;

```json
{
    "type": "report",
    "spec_version": "2.1",
    "id": "report--<GENERATED BY STIX2 LIB>",
    "created_by_ref": "identity--562918ee-d5da-5579-b6a1-fae50cc6bad3",
    "created": "<vulnerabilities.cve.published>",
    "modified": "<vulnerabilities.cve.lastModifiedDate>",
    "published": "<vulnerabilities.cve.published>",
    "name": "CISA KEV: <CVE ID>",
    "description": "Name: <cisaVulnerabilityName>\n\nRequired action: <cisaRequiredAction>\n\nAction due by: <cisaActionDue>",
    "object_refs": [
        "vulnerability--<CVE ID>"
    ],
    "external_references": [
        {
            "source_name": "cve",
            "external_id": "<vulnerabilities.cve.id>",
            "url": "https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/<vulnerabilities.cve.id>"
        }
    ],
    "object_marking_refs": [
        "marking-definition--94868c89-83c2-464b-929b-a1a8aa3c8487",
        "marking-definition--562918ee-d5da-5579-b6a1-fae50cc6bad3"
    ],
}
```

Commit message:

moving cpe join to cve2stix

docs/cve-kev.md, after:

## CVE -> KEV (`cve-kev`)

IMPORTANT: unlike other modes, this mode WILL NOT consider the `--modified_min` arguement. It will consider all CVEs for update each time

CISA maintain a list of known exploited vulnerabilities

https://www.cisa.gov/sites/default/files/feeds/known_exploited_vulnerabilities.json


https://www.cisa.gov/sites/default/files/feeds/known_exploited_vulnerabilities.json
### CISA KEV: Report SDO (`report`)

Some Vulnerabilities contain information related to [CISA Known Exploited Vulnerabilities](https://nvd.nist.gov/general/news/cisa-exploit-catalog), e.g. `CVE-2022-29303`

```json
{
    "resultsPerPage": 1,
    "startIndex": 0,
    "totalResults": 1,
    "format": "NVD_CVE",
    "version": "2.0",
    "timestamp": "2023-07-14T13:38:04.140",
    "vulnerabilities": [
        {
            "cve": {
                "id": "CVE-2022-29303",
                "sourceIdentifier": "cve@mitre.org",
                "published": "2022-05-12T16:15:07.600",
                "lastModified": "2022-05-20T17:23:15.927",
                "vulnStatus": "Analyzed",
                "cisaExploitAdd": "2023-07-13",
                "cisaActionDue": "2023-08-03",
                "cisaRequiredAction": "Apply updates per vendor instructions or discontinue use of the product if updates are unavailable.",
                "cisaVulnerabilityName": "SolarView Compact Command Injection Vulnerability",
```

These are modelled as Report SDOs as follows;

```json
{
    "type": "report",
    "spec_version": "2.1",
    "id": "report--<GENERATED BY STIX2 LIB>",
    "created_by_ref": "identity--562918ee-d5da-5579-b6a1-fae50cc6bad3",
    "created": "<vulnerabilities.cve.published>",
    "modified": "<vulnerabilities.cve.lastModifiedDate>",
    "published": "<vulnerabilities.cve.published>",
    "name": "CISA KEV: <CVE ID>",
    "description": "Name: <cisaVulnerabilityName>\n\nRequired action: <cisaRequiredAction>\n\nAction due by: <cisaActionDue>",
    "object_refs": [
        "vulnerability--<CVE ID>"
    ],
    "external_references": [
        {
            "source_name": "cve",
            "external_id": "<vulnerabilities.cve.id>",
            "url": "https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/<vulnerabilities.cve.id>"
        }
    ],
    "object_marking_refs": [
        "marking-definition--94868c89-83c2-464b-929b-a1a8aa3c8487",
        "marking-definition--562918ee-d5da-5579-b6a1-fae50cc6bad3"
    ],
}
```
